[Music]
[Music] Psalm 146 praise the Lord praise the
Psalm 146 praise the Lord praise the
Psalm 146 praise the Lord praise the Lord O my soul while I live I will
Lord O my soul while I live I will
Lord O my soul while I live I will praise the Lord I will sing praises to
praise the Lord I will sing praises to
praise the Lord I will sing praises to my god while I have my being do not put
my god while I have my being do not put
my god while I have my being do not put your trust in Princes nor in a son of
your trust in Princes nor in a son of
your trust in Princes nor in a son of man in whom there is no help his spirit
man in whom there is no help his spirit
man in whom there is no help his spirit departs he returns to his earth in that
departs he returns to his earth in that
departs he returns to his earth in that very day his plans perish happy is he
very day his plans perish happy is he
very day his plans perish happy is he who has the God of Jacob for his help
who has the God of Jacob for his help
who has the God of Jacob for his help whose hope is in the Lord his God who
whose hope is in the Lord his God who
whose hope is in the Lord his God who made heaven and earth the sea and all
made heaven and earth the sea and all
made heaven and earth the sea and all that is in them who keeps truth forever
that is in them who keeps truth forever
that is in them who keeps truth forever who executes justice for the oppressed
who executes justice for the oppressed
who executes justice for the oppressed who gives food to the hungry the Lord
who gives food to the hungry the Lord
who gives food to the hungry the Lord gives freedom to the prisoners the Lord
gives freedom to the prisoners the Lord
gives freedom to the prisoners the Lord opens the eyes of the blind the Lord
opens the eyes of the blind the Lord
opens the eyes of the blind the Lord raises those who are bowed down the Lord
raises those who are bowed down the Lord
raises those who are bowed down the Lord loves the righteous the Lord watches
loves the righteous the Lord watches
loves the righteous the Lord watches over the strangers he relieves the
over the strangers he relieves the
over the strangers he relieves the fatherless and widow but the way of the
fatherless and widow but the way of the
fatherless and widow but the way of the wicked he turns upside down the Lord
wicked he turns upside down the Lord
wicked he turns upside down the Lord shall reign forever your God o Zion to
shall reign forever your God o Zion to
shall reign forever your God o Zion to all generations praise the Lord
all generations praise the Lord
all generations praise the Lord [Music]